so I think there's a big question when
it comes to film discussions and that is
which WWE star transition better I'm
always say the rock since the home we
made the gameplan but in second place in
second place I put John Cena and then
probably the Undertaker for the win this
that long well John Cena's got a movie
name blockers about girls having their
own version of super bad and the parents
trying to stop them and I think I
personally think it's a solid run too I
would never watch with my daughter
let me explain so if you're here to find
out which one of the girls did it
you dirty Lola it's the blonde chick the
blonde shakes literally the only one who
does it her backstory is that her mom
pulled in almost famous and had to raise
her by herself so she kind of wants to
avoid her daughter doing the same thing
and you know ending up as one of the
groupies and it turns out that she's the
only one in the group who does do it
well her mom watches but at least the
guy who she does it with is going to
college John Cena's girl is well John
Cena's girl so she knows how to hit him
with the attitude adjustment and she can
defend herself but she ends up not doing
anything with man-bun hipster guy over
here but Johnny boy does take a beer up
the butt for her and he ends up going to
meet the guy and hits him with the fu
and I'll just say that while he is funny
in the movie he ain't the best comedian
like my man right here and I said this
before my brother has said this before
the best dramatic moments can come from
comedians and so the see where he's
connecting with his daughter they're
seeing what she's disclosing her
sexuality to him and he can finally be
there for her is better than Michael
stahlberg's scene and call me but I'm
just kidding it it's not it is better
than Jennifer Garner's scene where she
treats her sound like a dog though since
it's a comedy you kind of got to hear
the whole joke in order to really get
the punchline so there's not much of an
explain that I can do for the rest of it
but there are a bunch of things that I
felt were like kind of done halfway or
rewritten there's a scene where they
have like Co sex when they sneak into a
house and there's a couple there who's
naked and when they sneak into their
house and they're like canoodling with
them it just cuts to the next scene
there's a girl who I swear was cast for
fantastic beasts and where to find them
but got put in this one instead and I
honestly believe the Hannibal Buress
didn't get enough scenes overall I think
there's some good jokes in the movie
there there is a handful of cringe in
there and it's just a reminder that
girls can be horny too and the
confirmation without a doubt that the
rock is still the better
you actor thank you guys for checking
out this movie I'm curious to know your
thoughts let me know if you saw this
movie what your favorite joke is down
below in the comment section let me know
your thoughts about this don't forget to
come and like and subscribe and I'll I
don't know send you a chicken